# Multiscale Visualization of Structural Variants

By: Armita Safa, Janet Li and Neera Patadia

## Overview

Our project is implemented as a web application using the React UI library. `create-react-app` was used to generate the boilerplate.

`data/`: Data and Python scripts for data preparation

`public/`: Generated by `create-react-app`, this file contains the app's entrypoint, `index.html`. We have soft-linked our data to this directory as well, so it can be fetched during runtime

`src/`: Source code for the React application. `App.test.js`, `index.js`, `logo.svg`, `reportWebVitals.js` and `setupTests.js` were all generated by `create-react-app` and not altered by us
- `components/`: All React components written by us.
  - `BarChart.js`: stacked bar chart component, implemented using `D3.js`
  - `BarChartXAxis.js` and `BarChartYAxis.js`: X and Y axes for `BarChart` component
  - `ClinicalSignificance.js`: visually encoded "tag" for Clinical Significance column in `MatchTable`
  - `GenomePlots.js`: Circos plot and linked linear track. We defined the spec for the plots, which `Gosling.js` renders.
  - `Legend.js`: Describes the custom colour map.
  - `MatchTable.js`: Table of HG002 matches. Data and state management are handled by hooks in the `react-table` library.
  - `Similarity.js`: visual encoding for Similarity column in `MatchTable`
- `App.js`: generated by `react-react-app` and altered by us. This file defines the main structure of the app and handles the majority of the data fetching, state management and responsivity
- `index.css`: styles for the entire application

## Setup

Setting up and running the app requires `npm`.

To install the dependencies, run:

```
npm i --legacy-peer-deps
```

Then, to run the app (in development mode), simply run:

```
npm start
```

The react app will be listening on port 3000.
